Grading at 09/17/2018:19:11:12.892924
For commit ID 39423f6987a609de745be728c80ecc50a31ee4f7
-------------------------------------
**Testing correct implementation**
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case

-------------------------------------
**Testing broken implementation 10**
the function passes the test case
the function fails the test case
the function passes the test case
the function fails the test case

-------------------------------------
**Testing broken implementation 11**
the function fails the test case
the function fails the test case

-------------------------------------
**Testing broken implementation 1**
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function fails the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function fails the test case

-------------------------------------
**Testing broken implementation 2**
the function fails the test case
the function fails the test case

-------------------------------------
**Testing broken implementation 3**
the function fails the test case
the function fails the test case

-------------------------------------
**Testing broken implementation 4**
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function fails the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function fails the test case

-------------------------------------
**Testing broken implementation 5**
the function fails the test case
the function fails the test case

-------------------------------------
**Testing broken implementation 6**
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function fails the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function passes the test case
the function fails the test case

-------------------------------------
**Testing broken implementation 7**
the function fails the test case
the function fails the test case

-------------------------------------
**Testing broken implementation 8**
the function fails the test case
the function fails the test case

-------------------------------------
**Testing broken implementation 9**
the function fails the test case
the function fails the test case

All test programs were handled correctly

Overall Grade: PASSED
